salloc, sattach, sbcast, sdiag, sprio, sshare, strigger, sview, sh5util, scrun, scrontab: add pages (#11651)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/sprio.md

# sprio

> View the factors determining a job's scheduling priority.
> More information: <https://slurm.schedmd.com/sprio.html>.

> - View the factors determining all pending job's scheduling priority:

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
- View the factors determining the scheduling priority of all jobs:
```

`sprio`

- View the factors determining the specified job's scheduling priority:

`sprio --jobs={{job_id_1,job_id_2,...}}`

> - View information for the jobs of specified users and output additional information:
> 
> `sprio --user={{user_name_1,user_name_2,...}} --long`

Author: ```suggestion
- Output additional information:

`sprio --long`

- View information for the jobs of specified users:

`sprio --user={{user_name_1,user_name_2,...}}`
```

> `sprio --user={{user_name_1,user_name_2,...}} --long`

Reviewer: `--user` and `--long` should be 2 separate examples.
